okay everybody here is the review of the
HTC hd2 for t-mobile as you can see
purchased at Walmart this would have
been yesterday and then you see there is
the date 321 and walmart price five
hundred dollars and this is the box
obviously and now bear with me this
video is not the best because this is my
first unboxing video and I'll do my best
let's see what we got here tape
oh that is a nice looking phone it fits
nice in your hand and not much bigger
than the nexus one i currently have and
see inside the box we have and do this
with one hand here and start guide terms
conditions oh look at that you comes
with the new SIM card which i don't need
put that is nice
more manual manual and revision a we
have here okay and of course we have all
our standard plugs here you know he
needs and all the other unboxing so get
ya there USB and of course our charger
just slide in like that and of course we
have headphones put some extra your
pieces so don't eat here's a floppy
rubber thing is actually kind of smooth
it may work good for you can sliding in
and out of your pocket we will try that
shortly
and again we'll do a little comparison
here with the nexus one and the hd2 and
you can see it's not much bigger in size
just a tad as far as thickness goes I'd
say we're about the same very similar
height wise here again too much and
width wise it's not too bad either oh no
this is a pope let's see if we can break
it before we even get to turn it on
sorry and that is a nice screen I'll
tell you I mean mine compared to the
nexus one which I guess I'm going to
have to be selling on ebay here shortly
or just keep it around for routing
purposes but the HTC to is by far a much
nicer metal back
beautiful phone about the screen is
insane at the flash HTC t-mobile and of
course your five buttons which has a
very nice feel to them and I can't wait
to power this up I will not bore you
guys with the initial power on when I
set up my gown because that'll be pretty
boring but I hope you liked this initial
unboxing of the HTC hd2 and again sorry
if the video quality and the shakers of
the camera is too much but I will get to
set up and do a couple more videos if
you have any requests for photos or a
video of something feel free to leave
something in my comments and hopefully
we will have some more posted soon
thanks again and we'll talk to you later